Incapsula Website DDoS Protection

* Always-on protection ensures automatic detection and mitigation of DDoS attacks
* Application and network layer DDoS attack protection
* Identification and differentiation between humans, good bots, bad bots, AJAX and APIs
* Includes a CDN and WAF for website performance and security enhancement
* Transparent mitigation with extremely low false positives (<0.01%)

How It Works

Our website protection solution uses DNS redirection to persistently reroute website traffic
(HTTP/HTTPS) through the Incapsula network.

Once traffic enters our network, it is subject to progressively-stringent layers of inspection.
Using sophisticated security rules and challenges, Incapsula ensures that DDoS attack
traffic is identified and filtered out, while letting legitimate traffic to flow unhindered
to protected websites.
At the same time, Incapsula also masks the origin server IPs to counter direct-to-IP attacks.

Since the service leverages Incapsula’s global content delivery network (CDN),
no latency is introduced as web traffic passes through it.
In fact, in many cases user experience is enhanced.

High-Capacity Network

As network DDoS attacks continue to grow in size, your organization needs robust network
capacity to mitigate any threat that might come your way.
Incapsula’s global data center network offers 1.25Tbps of aggregate scrubbing capacity,
enabling it to easily block attacks of any size.

DDoS Bot Detection
Incapsula’s renowned traffic inspection technology is proven to accurately identify
malicious bots used for application layer DDoS attacks.
Relying on a combination of behavioral and reputational analysis, rate-based heuristics,
and a series of transparent and progressive client interrogation challenges,
Incapsula can weed out even the most sophisticated DDoS bots, with no impact to legitimate human visitors.

IP Masking
Incapsula acts as a secure proxy, masking the IPs of your origin servers to prevent direct-to-IP
DDoS attacks. For added security, operators can also choose to block incoming traffic from all
non-Incapsula IPs, ensuring that all visitors are inspected on their way to the origin.

Zero Business Disruption
Incapsula not only protects websites from complete denial of service, but also from disruptions
related to DDoS attacks, and mitigation false-positives.
We offer transparent mitigation with less than 1% false positives, and without degrading
the normal user experience in any way. This lets you enjoy true DDoS protection,
even from lengthy attacks, without disrupting business performance.

Real-Time Response
Our real-time monitoring solution provides live visibility into incoming traffic streams,
offering detailed information about suspicious visitors and abnormal behavior.
At the same time, our custom security rule engine empowers operators to implement new security
rules on-the-fly. Together, these features enable effective, real-time response to all security threats.